(ominous music)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
(thunder claps)
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
(suspenseful music)
(man grunts)
(man coughs)
- Get on the ground!
- Freeze! Police!
Freeze!
(sirens wail)
(car door closes)
(woman chuckles)
- What?
- [Woman] I thought we
said no tree this year.
- Come on. will you look at it?
The ornaments. the lights.
Look. I can make
'em change color.
Plus. the smell.
- It's a fake tree.
- Well. yeah. I know that.
I mean. you can pretend. right?
- Sure it smells like the attic.
- Stop.
Will you get into
the spirit of things?
- Yay.
- Whatever.
So. steaks tonight?
- (chuckles) We can
afford steaks again?
- Oh. but I want 'em so bad!
- Just three more weeks. okay?
(doorbell rings)
- [Man] Yeah. until
you're fired or you quit.
- What is it?
(door closes)
- Don't know. it's just
addressed to some guy named Max.
Must be the wrong
house. I guess.
- Don't.
(husband sighs)
I'm trying.
- I just want you to be happy.
so. if that means
quitting your job.
- I'm happy.
- Sure.
- [Husband] Oh. man. We
really gotta fix this.
- [Wife] What?
- This door opened when we
opened the front door again.
So many stupid things in
this place we gotta fix.
- Any luck today?
- Oh. not really.
- And you want me to be happy.
- I'm happy. I'm
just out of work.
There's a difference.
- [Wife] Yeah. well you
can't buy health insurance
with happiness. though.
- I'm not planning
on getting hurt.
Are you planning
on getting hurt?
- [Wife] That's
not how this works.
- Too bad. because
with your background
and my awesome cardio
abilities. we'd be set.
They should actually pay
us for our healthiness.
Something wrong?
- Just the usual BS.
So the new thing is
they're not telling anyone.
If they get caught.
it is all going under.
- First of all.
I don't think you should
be telling all of this.
Second. I don't understand this
daddy/daughter
management team thing.
It's such a bad idea.
- I don't know. I mean.
strength in numbers. right?
- Family does not count in that.
- (scoffs) How so?
- Could you imagine us
doing something like that?
Running a company?
We would butt heads and drive
that thing into the ground.
- Yeah. maybe us. but
that's just because
someone can't handle
living with an ex-sergeant.
- Whatever.
- Regardless. I don't think
it's the family situation
driving them down.
It's the lying.
- Well. yeah. Sure. that too.
I mean. you definitely
can't just sell off stock.
- Stop.
- What?
You really think someone's
listening out there?
- I don't know. I just
don't wanna chance it.
So. don't talk about it. please.
- [Husband] Oh. I mean. you
trust your husband or you don't.
- It's not that.
It's just either I risk saying
something and losing this job
or saying nothing and
this entire company
goes up in flames.
- Or. or you say nothing
and in four weeks.
you get that promotion that
you've been waiting on.
- Yeah.
(door creaks)
- What?
- [Wife] I don't know if
that's even a thing anymore.
It's all so up in the air.
- Up in the air how?
Like. 80-40. 70-30?
- Like 80-20.
- That's great odds.
- 80 losing. 20 winning.
I don't know. there's an
entire shakeup going on.
The fifth floor is
nervous. it's just...
It's just a feeling.
- I'm sure you'll be okay.
- I'm not just looking for okay.
Four years and
sometimes I feel like
you don't even know who I am.
(footsteps clack)
- When I finally master
my telepathic abilities.
I'll let you know.
(watch bleeps)
(suspenseful music)
(light buzzes)
(muffled clunks)
(music intensifies)
(music softens)
- [Husband] Who
the hell are you?
What're you doing in my house?
- [Intruder] I'm really
sorry. just please.
(muffled chatter)
- [Husband] What're you doing
in my house? Where's Heather?
- Stay there!
- No. you need to leave!
(muffled yelling)
- Mark!
- Get outta here!
- Please stop yelling!
- [Mark] Get outta here!
Get outta my house!
- Mark!
- Where is it?
- Where is what?
(gun fires)
(tense music)
(grunts)
- You okay?
- Yeah.
- Wait. wait!
- Get up. let's go.
- Mark. call the cops.
- Please. I've gotta figure
out. (groans) my leg!
- Get up!
- I'll pay you $10.000
if you let me go!
- What do you mean. $10.000?
- Mark. phone them.
- I'm just gonna
get up. (grunts)
I'm just gonna get up.
I need to look around.
- Let me see your hands.
Let me see your hands!
- Please let me get-
- Stop. stop!
(gun fires)
- What did you do?
- Shit.
Shit.
(pants)
(grunts)
- [Mark] 10 grand.
- Mark. quit screwing
around and call it in.
- That's a lot of
money. don't you think?
- I don't know. I don't
know. Just call the cops.
- Listen. I think there's money
hidden in our house somewhere.
- Mark. just call
the cops! I can't.
I am trying to figure out what
the hell just happened here.
- Listen to me! There's
money in our house.
I wanna find it!
Go clean up. okay?
Hurry up! Do it!
- Okay. okay.
Oh. my god.
(water splashes)
(muffled gunfire)
(loud gunfire from TV)
What are you doing?
- We've got about two
minutes before a neighbor
or a cop comes by to
ask about gunshots.
- Nancy's gone for the holidays.
- I'm just planning
for whatever!
- What?
(Mark pants)
Stop. Mark. have
you lost your mind?
- I'm putting him on the tile.
- [Heather] You're
moving a body.
- [Mark] This guy offers
us 10 large. and (grunts).
and he's digging
around the house.
It's in here somewhere.
Under the house.
maybe. I don't know.
And if he's offering
us 10. that means
there's enough to go around
for him to make a profit.
- No. that's theft.
- He's dead.
- Mark. this is. this is insane.
What are you thinking?
- You did what you had to do.
You protected me. you
protected yourself.
Now. let's protect our future.
We're gonna take one hour and
we're gonna find this stash.
As soon as we find it.
we're gonna call it in.
and we're gonna move on.
We need this.
It's one hour.
The hospital bills.
the funeral bills.
It'll all be paid for.
- What happens
when we get caught
and we are shit out of
luck and we're in jail?
- We're not gonna get caught.
It's one hour. It's
no time at all.
- I already looked under the
house. there's nothing there.
- Great.
That's one spot down.
(doorbell rings)
(muffled chatter from TV)
(somber music)
Yeah. we got carried away.
We're just watching a movie.
Everything's fine.
Yeah. I apologize.
- Have a good night.
(door closes)
Neighbor.
- What next?
- It's 11:05.
We'll take until midnight
to search the house
for the money he stashed.
then we call the cops.
- One hour.
(suspenseful music)
- I'm trying to
keep him in there.
- What if someone
asks about the towels?
- Um. we were trying to help
him and stop the bleeding.
Okay. let's get to work.
(rain splashes)
(suspenseful music)
Not there.
(rain splashes)
(ominous music)
(melancholy music)
I'm not finding anything.
I've looked all over.
You okay?
Why do you do that to yourself?
It's 30 minutes till midnight.
I say we look outside.
Need a minute?
(footsteps recede)
(rain splashes)
(door creaks)
- Anything?
- [Mark] Huh?
No. still nothing.
- (sighs) Any other ideas?
How much crap do we own?
(sighs)
(baseball bat clangs)
Mark.
- [Mark] Sorry.
(tires screech)
(tense music)
- Don't.
(suspenseful music)
(rain splashes)
- [Mark] What else
could we be missing?
- I told you I already looked.
There's nothing down here.
- Well. I'm gonna check again.
- [Heather] Told you.
- Damn it.
- I have an idea.
- What now?
- Just find his phone.
wallet. anything.
Run your hands over the
outside of his clothes.
(Mark sighs)
- No phone.
- Turn him on his side.
(Mark grunts)
- What the hell?
No wallet.
(grunts) Hang on.
(ominous music)
I got a...
Two-way radio.
- Short range.
- [Man Over Radio] Answer me!
- Was he talking to him?
- I don't know.
- He could've been
talking to anybody.
Turn it back on.
Go on. turn it on.
(switch clicks)
- [Man Over Radio]
You're supposed to work.
You turn the knob.
you say some words.
I say some words.
and then we talk.
It's kind of like ping-pong.
You hit. I hit. You hit. I hit.
- Call the cops.
(tense abrasive music)
(moans)
(somber music)
(sobs)
(Mark chuckles)
(muffled rain splashes)
(door slams)
- What're you doing?
- This frickin' door.
(thunder rumbles)
(Mark sighs)
- Listen. I know I've
said this 100 times. but.
I'm so sorry.
- I know.
(Mark sighs)
- When the hell did we do that?
Can you hand me a towel?
- At this rate. we're gonna
be running out of towels.
- I thought we were doing
her some good. buying time.
(watch bleeps)
(sighs)
It's midnight.
- Did you call the police?
- No.
- What?
- Well. you were slamming
doors and it distracted me.
- It's three numbers.
- I got nervous.
- [Heather] Where's your phone?
- It's in the bedroom.
Wait.
- What?
- We're so close.
I really don't wanna think
about what's gonna happen
next week when neither
of us have reliable jobs.
- We'll be fine.
- No. we won't.
I can't keep lying to myself.
(somber music)
- It wasn't your fault.
- If I had just. If I
had just been there.
If I hadn't been late.
- It wasn't your fault.
- I can't keep
pretending that...
- Okay.
We haven't checked the
laundry room yet. have we?
- No.
- Go get your phone.
I'm gonna go check it
out. but that's it.
There's something
strange happening.
I don't wanna get
caught up in it.
We have to be more careful.
(Mark sighs)
(rain splashes)
(can clacks)
(door opens)
(door creaks)
- Parker.
Are you in here?
(suspenseful music)
You ain't turned your radio on.
Is anyone else home?
Come on out.
(moans)
Oh. now that's a cute
Charlie Brown Christmas tree.
- There's someone in my house.
(intruder giggles)
43 Carter Street.
- Mm-hm.
Jesus. Parker.
Could someone handle this?
(rain splashes)
(door creaks)
Oh.
Hello.
- What the fuck are
you doing in my house?
- I'm looking for Parker.
Have you seen him?
- I don't know who that is.
- Mm.
- Where's my husband?
- Husband? I've...
I haven't seen him inside.
There's an awful lot
of blood in there.
Is everything okay?
- Cops are out front.
I wouldn't wanna be
here. if I were you.
- (sighs) Well. you
don't even know me.
But judging by the
bloody towels in there.
I would say that you don't
wanna be here either.
Oh.
Clever.
Cocky.
- You need to leave.
- Do I?
- I pull the trigger.
we all go to jail.
Problem solved.
- I don't think you would.
- Well. I don't think
you wanna take that bet.
- Those are some
very high stakes.
- Walk away before
we attract the cops.
(gun cocks)
- Relax.
If you see Parker.
would you let him know
to turn his radio on?
I'm looking for what he owes me.
I'm gonna find it either way.
It was very nice meeting you.
And you.
Have a nice night.
Oh. yeah. and happy holidays.
- Shit.
Shit.
- Mark.
Mark.
We gotta do something.
- Yeah. but what?
(phone vibrates)
It's the police.
- Answer.
- And tell them what?
- That you misdialed.
- [Mark] I sent them
to the house nextdoor.
- Tell them that you
gave the wrong address.
- That seems a bit
conspicuous. doesn't it?
- Oh. god.
You know what? We
need to turn in.
It was self defense.
that's a fact. and besides.
there is a guy watching us
and coming into our house.
- Two hours ago. it was self
defense. Now it's murder!
- [Heather] Yeah.
they don't know that.
- He does.
He wants Parker in there
and he wants the money.
- Exactly. The police
will protect us.
We'll tell them exactly
what they need to know.
We were invaded. it was self
defense. He offered us money.
There's something in
this house that he wants.
(phone vibrates)
(knocks)
- [Officer] Are you guy who
can't remember his own address?
- Yeah. thanks for
coming. officer.
No. we were woken
up by an intruder.
Sir. he's in the bathroom.
- Whoa. whoa.
Stay here. please.
Are you two the owners
of this property?
- Yes. sir.
- Sir. I'm gonna need
you to step outside.
Ma'am. over by the
windows. please.
- Whoa. what's goin' on?
There's a man in our
house. Shouldn't you be-
- Sir. please don't tell
me how to do my job.
I'm just trying
to protect myself
and make sure I know
all the facts here.
I don't know you and
I don't know her.
so I don't know what's
fact or fiction here.
You understand?
- Yeah. yeah. that makes sense.
- Now. where did you...
(ominous music)
(Mark pants)
- [Mark] Stop the bleeding.
- What're you doing?
Wait. stop. stop. stop.
You're gonna fuck it up more.
- What do you wanna
do. just let him die?
- He's already dead.
- Shit.
Oh. shit.
(Heather grunts)
- Mark.
(Mark pants)
Wait. wait. wait. Do
you want to talk to him?
- I don't think we have
a choice at this point.
(radio bleeps)
- [Man] Do I finally have a
friend to play telephone with?
Hello?
Answer me!
- Yeah. Yeah. I'm here.
- [Man] Marky. Good
to hear from you. sir.
- How do you know my name?
- [Man] I'm gonna lay
down some ground rules.
Numero uno. shut up.
And the rest I'll
make up along the way.
Now. Parker is gone.
Self defense. I get it.
But now there's a dead
cop in there somewhere.
and there's a car out here.
sitting out in
front of your house.
I didn't wanna draw
attention to you.
so I shut it down
and it's dark again.
- There's more and they're
gonna come after him.
- [Man] Not if they
think he's fine.
I can keep 'em at
bay. but not for long.
So. now you have
two bodies in there.
and no way to explain that.
I propose that I come over
there and keep searching
for my belongings that
Parker left. capisce?
- You come in this house.
I swear I will put more lead
in you than I did your boy.
- [Man] Heather.
relax. It's Christmas.
I just want what is mine.
- And what is that?
- [Man] You think I'd
tell you? No. honey.
I can't have you getting
any wrong ideas about me.
Well. aside from the
whole cop-killer thing.
But. in truth. that
wasn't even me.
That was my pal Tom here.
Say hey. Tom.
- Shoot me.
Come on.
Do it.
- [Man] Don't test me.
- And what if you miss?
You really wanna wake
up the neighbors?
- [Man] Just leave!
What is wrong with you people?
- I swear. no matter how
much you try to scare us.
you are not getting
in this house.
- [Man] I wouldn't
expect any other answer
from you. sergeant.
Well. ex-sergeant.
- Fuck you.
- [Man] So foul! Someone's
got a touchy spot!
I can't imagine you
being soft. honestly.
You've killed a man
already tonight!
Hm. not to mention
all those soldiers
you killed back in Iraq.
- We defended ourselves.
you're a murderer.
- [Man] Sure.
Listen. I truly hope that you
continue to defend yourself.
After all. that is
the American way.
But that doesn't change the fact
that you have
something that is mine!
I'll see you soon.
(switch clicks)
- What did he mean?
I guess we're back
to square one.
- Square one was
before I shot a guy.
(somber music)
(radio bleeps)
(suspenseful music)
- Hello?
- [Man] Mark.
What's up. man?
- Uh. I wanna talk.
- [Man] Fantastic. let's meet.
- How do we get out
of here alive without
ending up behind bars?
- [Man] Hm. that's a tall order.
- Listen. I'm no soldier.
I'm just some guy and I just
wanna forget about all this.
- [Man] You pansy baby.
You're talking quietly 'cause
Mrs. Barns clearly doesn't
know what you're up to and now
you're belittling yourself.
Where's the confidence?
- I just want this to be over.
- [Man] Here's what
I'll tell you. Marky.
For you. I will talk to a
few officers that I know.
and I'll see if I can get you
off the hook for the whole
murder thing and
then for killing the
poor defenseless cop.
- We didn't kill that
cop and you know that.
- [Man] I don't know anything!
You can't prove anything!
My friend. the simple
fact of the matter is
you two know too much.
I can't guarantee anything.
- I don't know shit.
I don't even know what
you're looking for anymore.
- [Man] And I think we
should keep it that way.
If you two can just
come outside. we can
put an end to this.
We'll find the. what we need.
and we'll figure out
what we need to do next.
- You're not gonna
let us go. are you?
- [Man] I don't
like to lie. Mark.
Just come out.
Don't let another member
of your family die.
You don't have to be the cause
of your wife's death. too.
(switch clicks)
(Mark sighs)
- It's the only room in the
house without a dead guy in it.
- I thought I heard talking.
- What the hell are we gonna do?
- I don't know.
- What do you mean?
Are we out of moves?
- [Heather] I don't know.
- Jesus. Heather. I'm just
looking for like a little bit
of comfort here or like
an ounce of hope. maybe?
And all you can give
me is "I don't know?"
Like. I get that you are
living with whatever shit that
you went through. but guess
what. I didn't go to war but
I went through some shit too
and I have to live with that.
And maybe you see that
sometimes. but at least I try.
I try to help and to
give you what you need.
I love you. Heather.
I really do.
But it gets harder
and harder every day
that you bottle that shit up
and don't talk to me about it!
- I can't talk about
this right now.
That's not how this
works. this is how I cope.
I'm sorry if that
hurts your feelings.
I really don't mean it to.
- You're a sergeant.
It's your job to lead people
and to move us forward.
And it'd be really helpful if
you could just help me come up
with some vague notion of a
plan otherwise what're we doing?
- I don't know. Mark.
what are we doing?
- We're. we're fighting
our way out of this shit.
because we have a daughter
that we owe our lives to!
- She's gone.
- Fuck. I know that!
I got her killed!
And I have to live with that!
Some semblance of compassion
from you would be helpful!
- Compassion? That's what you
wanna talk about right now?
I killed someone tonight.
and all of this is a little
too much for me right now.
- Yeah.
Sorry.
I'm just scared.
- Yeah.
We have to fix this.
- Why don't we just
sneak out the back door
and not come back?
- Where are we supposed
to go? (chuckles)
With what money?
There is someone probably
watching our back door.
- Then we'll call for
backup on the cop's radio.
We can explain it.
- We'll be in jail in an hour.
- [Mark] (sighs) What do we do?
- I don't know.
(muffled gunshots)
(suspenseful music)
- Radio.
(radio bleeps)
- [Man] You just met Tom.
Congrats. yeah. he's lovely.
We assumed you
wouldn't shoot him.
'cause that would be too loud
and we'd be forced to come in
and it would just be a big mess.
Kinda like an arrow
through a cop.
and then how would you
explain all those 9mm rounds?
(laughs)
- I wanna meet.
Backyard. 10 minutes.
- [Man] I don't see why not.
It's not like you're gonna
shoot me out in the yard.
Too noisy.
I'll see you at 2:30.
- We step outside he's gonna
shoot us with a frickin' arrow.
- He's not gonna kill us.
- [Mark] How can you be so sure?
- I'm gonna make a deal.
- What kind of deal?
(rain splashes)
(suspenseful music)
- Hello. friends.
You won't. so don't even
bother threatening me.
- I called to offer you a deal.
- What is this. the
deal making business?
You have what is
mine and I want it.
- Yeah. we found it but we're
not gonna give it to you
until you tell us
what we need to know.
- And what might that be?
- Who put it in my house?
- Parker did.
- Why?
- Oh. well. because he's
a lying piece of shit.
and he stole it from us.
Now can we just please get-
- Shut up.
I'm not finished.
Why go through
all this for that?
- (chuckles) Well. because it's
worth a whole lot of money.
Why else?
Oh.
You don't have it.
- We have it.
- You don't have it.
because if you did have it.
then you would know how
much money it's worth.
and you two would be
trying to get going by now.
- You didn't answer
the question.
Why did Parker stash it here?
- Why don't we go in
there and ask him?
- Oh. shit.
I could have it.
Or it might not even be here.
You don't even know.
(man grunts)
- You know what? Why don't
I just put you both down.
And then I can go in this
house and search in peace.
(whistles)
- I wouldn't.
- And why wouldn't I?
Oh.
What is that. some
sort of trigger thingy
where you can make this
house go kaboomy. and then...
(chuckles)
- I was a Navy EOD.
That means I took apart bombs.
That also means I
know how they work.
and I know with enough
gasoline and other shit.
that little thing you're
looking for goes up in flames.
(man laughs)
- Mrs. Heather Barns
of 11-41 Carter Street.
That's brilliant.
Okay. say I believe
you. Now what?
- Now you leave.
(man grunts)
- That's a nice
move. Barns family.
Nice move!
She's got balls. Mark.
(laughs) Unlike you.
- Shut up.
- What does he mean by that?
- Oh. yeah. we
had a little chat.
You know how much of a pussy
your husband is? (chuckles)
And you're here protecting him.
- Shut up!
- He called me looking
for a way out of this.
without you knowing. of course.
and he was whining and crying
about how he's just some dude
and he's not some
soldier! (laughs)
Oh. it was pathetic.
(sighs)
Anyway. I'll leave you to it.
Loved it.
No. Uncle.
She had a bomby thingy.
I. I don't need more guys.
No. I don't need more guys!
I'll find it!
(cork squeaks)
- That's not gonna help
you solve our problems.
- [Heather] I'm not trying
to. It's just a drink.
- Guess I'll figure this
out on my own. then.
- What is your problem?
You could sit here and find
your own shit way to deal
with your anxiety. but instead
you throw it all on me.
I'm not your therapist.
- Well. that shouldn't
be your therapist.
- It's just one drink.
- Yeah. one drink.
Now. I'd like to
see you put it away.
You know. better yet.
I'd like to see you
pour out the bottle.
I mean. how many times do
we have to go through this?
- Screw you.
If I'm fine. I can
have a little drink.
I'm gonna have a little drink.
Maybe you should have one too.
Help you get over
Lilly's death finally.
- What did you say?
You're over her?
You can just move on
and get over the fact
that our daughter's
gone forever?
- That's not what I meant.
- Oh. I hate that excuse.
I don't see any other way
of taking that statement.
You know. if you're over it.
I guess we can get rid of the
rest of her stuff then. huh?
- Stop!
- You're over it.
We don't need this anymore.
- Stop it!
- You're over it.
- No. stop it!
- We don't need-
- Stop it!
(sobs)
Where is it?
I'm fine.
I just. sorry.
(sighs)
- It's too bad we're
not in a cartoon.
We could just get into a box
and fill it with packing peanuts
and ship ourselves out of
here right under their noses.
(Heather chuckles)
- That's a terrible idea.
- (chuckles) Yeah.
(Heather sighs)
- No one knows where that
stash is. Why is that?
What if Parker never
actually had left it here?
- What do you mean?
- What if he had it
shipped here later?
- Wouldn't he remember?
- We moved here.
what. a month ago?
- [Mark] Yeah. roughly.
- Yeah. he hid the money
a couple months ago.
Maybe with that concussion.
he forgot that he
had it shipped here.
- Right.
- It serves from the mail system
and no one has hands on it.
(Mark sighs)
- It was a long shot anyway.
I'm sick of being at square one.
Like. when do we
get to square five?
- I don't know but we
need to be proactive.
I really don't wanna go to jail.
- Yeah. or be dead.
- Yeah. that too.
- Well. you've already scared
the shit out of everyone
around you once tonight
with that fake bomb crap.
- Yeah. well now you know
how I can defuse situations
and avoid fights so well.
- Did you just make a joke?
- Maybe.
- Wow.
On the eve of our death. my
scary-ass wife makes a joke.
- Hey. I'm not scary.
- Woman. you have a fake
detonator that I don't doubt
for a second you could make
real. if you wanted to.
- It's true. I could.
Well. I have something else
that's a little scarier
and I can't believe
I'm suggesting this.
- What?
- I think we need
to move the cop.
- Why?
- We need to stage a scene.
in case we need to talk
our way out of this.
Maybe we can prove
something happened
between him and Parker.
- You really think we can
outsmart cop guys that are paid
to know what kind of weapon
makes what kind of blood-
- Do you wanna help
me figure this out.
or do you wanna get screwed
in the shower later?
By a man. in jail.
(Mark sighs)
- Fine.
(grunts)
- Give me the gun.
- Wait a minute.
- What?
- [Mark] How do we
explain the arrow?
- Oh. shit.
I don't know.
I am running on fumes.
(sighs)
What time is it?
- 3:32.
(Heather sighs)
- I need a nap.
- We go to sleep now.
they're gonna come in here
and tear this place apart.
- Yep.
Yep.
(sighs)
We need to find this thing.
(somber music)
It's our only way out of here.
- I need to get
out of this room.
(suspenseful music)
(sniffles)
I can never let
this part of me go.
If I just hadn't have
been late picking her up.
- You can't predict when a
drunk driver's gonna run up
onto a kerb and hurt someone.
- No.
No. but she could've been in
my car. far away from there
before he ever got
close to the bus stop.
- When I was in Iraq.
I was working on an IED outside
of an apartment complex.
We had a new guy on the
team. Marcus Fincher.
Stupid kid.
He was really eager to
go in and save lives and
whatever patriotic
mindset he had.
So I let him put on that suit.
and I let him go over
there and diffuse the bomb.
He did a really
good job at it too.
I saw him pull the
IED out of the dirt.
and that look on his face.
He was so proud.
What he missed...
What I missed...
Was there was second device
14 yards away from him
on the other side of the road.
And then. boom.
It went off.
Rounds started flying. I.
I had to take cover
in the Humvee and...
All I could see was dust.
And my guys...
They couldn't do shit.
Apaches came in and they
cleared out the area.
And when the dust settled. I
stepped outside onto the road.
And I was alone for a minute.
on this Iraqi street.
on the other side of the world.
There was nothing I
could've done differently.
- Shit happens. huh?
- Yeah.
Shit happens.
I'm gonna go check on the other
end and see what I can find.
- Yeah. give me a minute.
Hey. babe?
Thanks for telling
me about that.
I'm sorry that
happened to you. but.
it sounded like they were doing
something they believed in.
and they were with their
people when it happened.
- Huh?
Yeah. they were a
good group of guys.
We had some fun times.
- I know it sounds cliche.
but bad things do happen to...
(screams)
- Mark. Mark!
- Let me go! (screams)
- Mark!
(muffled yelling)
- [Man] Shut up!
Heather!
Heather. doll.
Stay put. okay?
We're just gonna look
around down here.
And speak to your husband.
We'll keep him. uh.
comfortable! (laughs)
- [Mark] (screams) Let me go!
- [Man] Okay. now. stay put.
(Mark screams)
(Heather grunts)
Sweetie!
You're gonna hurt yourself!
(Heather grunts)
(melancholy music)
(thuds)
(rain splashes)
(door creaks)
(tense music)
- Check the bathroom.
What the hell?
- Hey.
What're you doing?
What're you digging holes?
Was Parker a pirate?
(grunts)
Okay.
Santa baby. bring me
somethin' tonight!
Mark.
Mark. Mark!
Where's my stuff?
(groans)
Has anyone checked the shed?
Hm?
Heather!
Oh. Heather.
Haven't heard from
you in a while.
Somebody check on
our little Heather.
(suspenseful music)
What do you mean
she's not up there?
(grunts)
Find her.
Check the neighbors.
check the field.
Check every chicken's
little asshole.
You.
Flashlight. now.
Okay.
You stay here. in
case she comes back.
I'm gonna go check the street.
(lighter flicks)
(thud)
- Mark.
Mark. Mark. Mark. Mark.
Look at me. look at me.
Shit. shit. shit.
Shit.
(bat clangs)
(grunts)
(thuds)
(groans)
(grunts)
(thuds)
(dramatic music)
(grunts)
(groans)
(thuds)
(grunts)
(groans)
(thuds)
(sharp thud)
(groans)
(pants)
(somber music)
(grunts)
(heartbeat thuds)
(pants)
Where is this thing?
(ominous tones)
(paper rustles)
- Drop the gun.
Bring me the drive.
(grunts)
(dramatic music)
(thud)
(grunts)
(screams)
(thuds)
(gun fires)
(grunts)
(rain splashes)
(phone vibrates)
- What? What?
No. no!
Don't come down
here. Don't come...
Don't come down here!
I'll find her.
All right?
I wanna make you happy.
Yes. I'll fix it.
Yes. I want you happy.
Okay.
(somber music)
(rain splashes)
Bring the cars around.
(Mark groans)
- [Heather] Get up.
- What the. (groans)
get me outta here.
- I can't get you out
of here fast enough.
They're gonna be
back any second.
- What do we do?
- I found what they're
looking for. (chuckles)
We're gonna get outta here.
Just one more play.
I got what they want.
- And if they decide to kill us?
- They won't.
- Not gonna lie.
If I didn't think I was
gonna die in the next minute.
I'd be pretty turned on
right now. (chuckles)
(Heather chuckles)
(suspenseful music)
(rain splashes)
(door creaks)
(Heather coughs)
- Hey. Tom!
You okay?
Mark. that looks uncomfortable.
Mm-hm.
(grenade clacks)
Come back to you in a second.
(Heather groans)
(rain splashes)
Son of a...
(sighs)
(gun fires)
Heather!
- Oh. shit.
- Wow!
Is this really how
you wanna play this?
- I have your drive.
you piece of shit.
- Really?
You're lying!
Great!
You still have one
more issue. though.
(door creaks)
Oh.
Wait.
- Shoot me and I destroy it.
- Whoa. whoa! Now.
don't do that.
Don't do that!
- Set Mark free. get him up.
- Yeah.
Yeah. I can do that.
I can do that.
Now that. that drive...
Okay. it's worth. it's
worth a lot of money. okay?
You know who runs this town?
The mayor. and do you
know what the mayor does?
- Stop moving.
- Well. I gotta get Mark.
Okay.
Now look. that's the
key to the city. okay?
And there's a video
on there of the mayor
doing some really
naughty things and-
- Get him up!
- Yeah. okay. okay.
We can sell it and
we can split it.
- [Heather] Get him up.
- Okay. yeah. Mark.
Oh. mm-mm.
- What're you doing?
(Mark groans)
- I gotta get Mark.
- [Mark] No! (groans)
(flesh squelches)
(screams)
- Life isn't fair. (chuckles)
(Mark groans)
- Hand him over.
- All right. Mark.
come on. (grunts)
Now.
You made a mistake
once in your life.
You don't have to
make it again. okay?
Hand me the drive.
I'm getting really sick
and tired of this shit.
Hand me the drive!
You know what? How about
I just shoot him and you?
(Heather grunts)
Okay. okay.
I got another idea.
(gun fires)
(Heather screams)
Now hand me the drive. Heather!
Hand me the drive!
(Mark groans)
(device bleeps)
(explosion bangs)
(gun fires)
(bullets whoosh and ricochet)
(guns fire)
(casings clink)
(bullets whoosh)
(gun fires)
(glass shatters)
(dramatic music)
(gun fires rapidly)
Woo! (yelps)
Whoa! (pants)
- Shit. shit.
- Heather!
(pants)
What was that? That
was a nice try!
Woo!
This!
How could you not see?
This is gonna make heads turn!
And you could've
been in on this!
Well. it's a damn shame
that you couldn't be...
(gun fires)
(groans)
(Heather sobs)
(watch bleeps)
(both pant)
(Mark grunts)
- Come on. come on.
(pants)
We have to stop the bleeding.
(Mark grunts)
Careful.
Put pressure on it.
(Mark groans)
(dark electronic music)
Shit.
(car starts)
(engine roars)
(somber music)